
An exciting opportunity lies ahead of you.
Sell your ideas; they have exceptional merit.
You are kind and friendly.
You are wise beyond your years.
A routine task will turn into an enchanting adventure.
Beware of all enterprises that require new clothes.
Be true to your work, your word, and your friend.
Goodness is the only investment that never fails.
Forget injuries; never forget kindnesses.
Respect yourself and others will respect you.
A man cannot be comfortable without his own approval.
Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest. -- Mark Twain
It is easier to stay out than to get out.
Sing everyday and chase the mean blues away.
You will receive money from an unexpected source.
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.
Experience is the best teacher.
You will be happy with your spouse.
Expect the unexpected.
Stay healthy. Walk a mile.
The family that plays together stays together.
Eat chocolate to have a sweeter life.
Once you make a decision the universe conspires to make it happen.
Make yourself necessary to someone.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Dance as if no one is watching.
Live this day as if it were your last.
Reach for joy and all else will follow.
Move in the direction of your dreams.
Bloom where you are planted.
Appreciate. Appreciate. Appreciate.
Happy news is on its way.
Borrow money from a pessimist. They don't expect it back.
Life is what happens to you while you are busy making other plans.
Help! I'm being held prisoner in a fortune cookie factory.
Paradise is always where love dwells.
In dreams and in love there are no impossibilities.
Love isn't something you find. Love is something that finds you.
True love is not something that comes everyday, follow your heart, it knows the right answer.
Advice given to you will be well worth following.
It is a nice day.
A wise man knows everything; a shrewd one, everybody.
When spider webs unite, they can tie up a lion.
You will be the sunshine in someone's life.
You will have good luck in the winter.
Your fortune is not something to find but to unfold.
Do onto others as you with others do onto you.
Your home will be visited by good health and wealth.
For every minute spent in organizing, an hour is earned.
Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
Life is a play; it's not its length but its performance that counts.
Deal with the faults of others as gently as with your own.
Love is like war: easy to begin, but very hard to stop.
If I had you, the money, fame, and fortune never could compete.
You display the wonderful traits of charm and courtesy.
Over-indulgence hinders body and mind.
Romance is about to blossom.
Do it because you love it.
A man's fortune has its form given to it by his habits.
Learn to enjoy every minute of your life.
You outdistance all competitors.
Fortune favors the bold. --Virgil
It's a great weekend to watch a movie.
An interesting musical opportunity is in your near future.
If you obey all the rules, you miss all the fun.
Just believe it: water and oil cannot be mixed.
Even the greatest of whales is helpless in the middle of a desert.
We can learn much from wise words and less from wise guys.
Find a peaceful place where you can make plans for the future.
Your existence contributes positively to mankind.
It is better to show appreciation than to take things for granted.
A four-wheeled adventure will soon bring you happiness.
You will find hidden treasures where least expected.
A beautiful, smart, and loving person will be coming into your life.
You are affectionate and loyal to those you love.
Clear your mental, emotional, and physical space and you will see.
You have great physical powers and an iron constitution.
Heroism is endurance for one moment more.
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune.
Everyone feels lucky for having you as a friend.
Patience is the key to joy!
The dumplings you just ate will self-destruct in 3...2...1...
You would be wise to keep your eyes wide open at all times.
Share yourself and your possessions with close friends.
To find your self, think for yourself.
You will soon make an important decision.
A new romance is in the near future.
If you want to be loved, be lovable.
Fortune does not change men, it unmasks them.
There is a gradual improvement. Feelings are sweet and tender.
Explore your own world by working together with friends.
Passionate new romance appears in your life when you least expect it.
Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves.
Sharing little joys offers great hope to others.
For success today look first to yourself.
Your sense of humor reveals itself at just the right times!
Apply yourself to the basics and progress will follow.
Nothing gets in the way of your vision of yourself in the future.
He who controls others may be powerful, but he who has mastered himself is mightier still.
Time is the wisest counselor.
Culture and customs of China attract you.
The architect of your destiny is yourself.
Praise a fine day at night.
When you gather all your resources together, Goals are accomplished.
Doing what you love is freedom.  Loving what you do is happiness.
He deserves paradise who makes his companions laugh.
Success is in the details.
Nothing in the world is difficult if one sets his mind to it.
Home is where your heart is.
Life is a tragedy for those who feel and a comedy for those who think.
You are tasting the sweets of success.
If you have a great ambition, take as big a step as possible in the direction of fulfilling it.
You have much skill in expressing yourself to be effective.
He who has good health is young.
Pardon is the choicest flower of victory.
People say you have sharp sense and superb intellect.
Two small jumps are sometimes better than one big leap.
Do what is right, not what you should.
Tastes like chicken.
When you learn to be flexible, amazing opportunities reveal themselves!
You are broad minded and socially active.
Win as if you were used to it, lose as if you enjoyed it for a change.
Everything you add to the truth subtracts from the truth.
As you slide down the bannister of life, may the splinters never point your way.
Be cautious while walking in darkness alone.
Anyone who dares to be, can never be weak.
Love is the glue that holds together everything in the world.
You are strong and brave.
Every important call is a close one.
Fortitude is the marshal of thought, the armor of the will, and the fort of reason.
Be confident and you will succeed.
Your destiny lies before you, choose wisely.
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
Cleverness is serviceable for everything, sufficient for nothing.
You have the rare ability to recognize ability in others.
Welcome each day as a fresh new beginning.
You have a natural grace and consideration for others.
You are never bitter, deceptive, or petty.
You make other people realize that there exist other beauties in the world.
Try a new system or a different approach.
Keep on charging the enemy so long as there is life.
The only certainty is that nothing is certain.
With care and understanding, your life will have no obstacles.
Everything has beauty but not everyone sees it.
Travel hopefully; arrive expectantly.
You long to see the great pyramids in Egypt.
Fear is the root of all evil.
With a little more hard work, you creativity takes you to great heights.
You are the captain of your soul.
A great fortune in the hands of a fool is a great misfortune.
Talent is not a rare commodity; discipline is.
Become your own muse.
You have an iron will, which helps you succeed in everything.
You have the ability to analyze and solve any problem.
Dance like no one is watching.
Wear sunscreen.
You will be Told about it Tomorrow. Go Home and Prepare Thyself.
He that is giddy thinks the world turns round. -- William Shakespeare, "The Taming of the Shrew"
Many a writer seems to think he is never profound except when he can't understand his own meaning. -- George D. Prentice
Bank error in your favor. Collect $200.
Q: What's tiny and yellow and very, very, dangerous? A: A canary with the super-user password.
Better hope the life-inspector doesn't come around while you have your life in such a mess.
Let us endeavor so to live that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry. -- Mark Twain, "Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar"
Your goose is cooked. (Your current chick is burned up too!)
No group of professionals meets except to conspire against the public at large. -- Mark Twain
Living your life is a task so difficult, it has never been attempted before.
You could live a better life, if you had a better mind and a better body.
Are you sure the back door is locked?
Be security conscious -- National defense is at stake.
Don't you wish you had more energy... or less ambition?
Writing is turning one's worst moments into money. -- J.P. Donleavy